src/ResourceManager/DataFactories/Commands.DataFactories/help/AzureRM.DataFactories.md, before:

---
Module Name: AzureRM.DataFactories
Module Guid: XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX
Download Help Link: {{Please enter FwLink manually}}
Help Version: {{Please enter version of help manually (X.X.X.X) format}}
Locale: en-US
---

# AzureRM.DataFactories Module
## Description
The cmdlets in the Azure Data Factory module enable you to manage data factories in Windows PowerShell.

## AzureRM.DataFactories Cmdlets
### [Get-AzureRmDataFactory](Get-AzureRmDataFactory.md)
Gets information about Data Factories.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryActivityWindow](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryActivityWindow.md)
Gets information about activity windows associated with a data factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset.md)
Gets information about datasets in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Gets information about logical gateways in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryHub](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryHub.md)
Gets information about hubs in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService.md)
Gets information about linked services in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Gets information about pipelines in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryRun](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryRun.md)
Gets runs for a data slice of a dataset in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactorySlice](Get-AzureRmDataFactorySlice.md)
Gets data slices for a dataset in Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactory](New-AzureRmDataFactory.md)
Creates a data factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset](New-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset.md)
Creates a dataset in Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryEncryptValue](New-AzureRmDataFactoryEncryptValue.md)
Encrypts sensitive data.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Creates a gateway for an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey](New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey.md)
Creates a gateway key for an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryHub](New-AzureRmDataFactoryHub.md)
Creates a hub for an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService](New-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService.md)
Links a data store or a cloud service to an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](New-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Creates a pipeline in Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactory](Remove-AzureRmDataFactory.md)
Removes a data factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset.md)
Removes a dataset from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Removes a gateway from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryHub](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryHub.md)
Removes a hub from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService.md)
Removes a linked service from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Removes a pipeline from Azure Data Factory.

### [Resume-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Resume-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Resumes a suspended pipeline in Data Factory.

### [Save-AzureRmDataFactoryLog](Save-AzureRmDataFactoryLog.md)
Downloads log files from Azure HDInsight processing.

### [Set-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](Set-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Sets the description for a gateway in Azure Data Factory.

### [Set-AzureRmDataFactoryPipelineActivePeriod](Set-AzureRmDataFactoryPipelineActivePeriod.md)
Configures the active period for data slices.

### [Set-AzureRmDataFactorySliceStatus](Set-AzureRmDataFactorySliceStatus.md)
Sets the status of slices for a dataset in Azure Data Factory.

### [Suspend-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Suspend-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Suspends a pipeline in Azure Data Factory.

Commit message:

Introduce gateway auth key feature by adding two new cmdlets - New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey and Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey

src/ResourceManager/DataFactories/Commands.DataFactories/help/AzureRM.DataFactories.md, after:

---
Module Name: AzureRM.DataFactories
Module Guid: XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX
Download Help Link: {{Please enter FwLink manually}}
Help Version: {{Please enter version of help manually (X.X.X.X) format}}
Locale: en-US
---

# AzureRM.DataFactories Module
## Description
The cmdlets in the Azure Data Factory module enable you to manage data factories in Windows PowerShell.

## AzureRM.DataFactories Cmdlets
### [Get-AzureRmDataFactory](Get-AzureRmDataFactory.md)
Gets information about Data Factories.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryActivityWindow](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryActivityWindow.md)
Gets information about activity windows associated with a data factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset.md)
Gets information about datasets in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Gets information about logical gateways in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey.md)
Gets gateway auth key for an Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryHub](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryHub.md)
Gets information about hubs in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService.md)
Gets information about linked services in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Gets information about pipelines in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactoryRun](Get-AzureRmDataFactoryRun.md)
Gets runs for a data slice of a dataset in Azure Data Factory.

### [Get-AzureRmDataFactorySlice](Get-AzureRmDataFactorySlice.md)
Gets data slices for a dataset in Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactory](New-AzureRmDataFactory.md)
Creates a data factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset](New-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset.md)
Creates a dataset in Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryEncryptValue](New-AzureRmDataFactoryEncryptValue.md)
Encrypts sensitive data.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Creates a gateway for an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey](New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey.md)
Creates auth key for an Azure Data Factory Gateway.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey](New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey.md)
Creates a gateway key for an Azure Data Factory. This cmdlet is deprecated, and you should use **New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey** instead.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryHub](New-AzureRmDataFactoryHub.md)
Creates a hub for an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService](New-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService.md)
Links a data store or a cloud service to an Azure Data Factory.

### [New-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](New-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Creates a pipeline in Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactory](Remove-AzureRmDataFactory.md)
Removes a data factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryDataset.md)
Removes a dataset from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Removes a gateway from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryHub](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryHub.md)
Removes a hub from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryLinkedService.md)
Removes a linked service from Azure Data Factory.

### [Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Remove-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Removes a pipeline from Azure Data Factory.

### [Resume-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Resume-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Resumes a suspended pipeline in Data Factory.

### [Save-AzureRmDataFactoryLog](Save-AzureRmDataFactoryLog.md)
Downloads log files from Azure HDInsight processing.

### [Set-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](Set-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
Sets the description for a gateway in Azure Data Factory.

### [Set-AzureRmDataFactoryPipelineActivePeriod](Set-AzureRmDataFactoryPipelineActivePeriod.md)
Configures the active period for data slices.

### [Set-AzureRmDataFactorySliceStatus](Set-AzureRmDataFactorySliceStatus.md)
Sets the status of slices for a dataset in Azure Data Factory.

### [Suspend-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline](Suspend-AzureRmDataFactoryPipeline.md)
Suspends a pipeline in Azure Data Factory.
