src/ResourceManager/DataFactories/Commands.DataFactories/help/New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.DataFactories.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 8546C3FE-5396-4027-BF33-F98F6C018A67
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a gateway key for an Azure Data Factory.

## SYNTAX

### ByFactoryName (Default)
```
New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey [-DataFactoryName] <String> [-GatewayName] <String>
 [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByFactoryObject
```
New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey [-DataFactory] <PSDataFactory> [-GatewayName] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey** cmdlet creates a gateway key for a specified Azure Data Factory gateway.
You register the gateway with a cloud service by using this key.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a gateway key
```
PS C:\>New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey -ResourceGroupName "ADF" -GatewayName "ContosoGateway" -DataFactoryName "WikiADF" | Format-List
GatewayKey : ADF#40cbb3d9-2736-4794-a8a6-e6b839b4894f@a2d875ce-c9d7-4b8b-ad65-dd3ebbb9a940@8c0d1801-e863-44af-82e6-fb2f0c00f2ae@xz#Y9R0NhAeH3u7wgnrJyiWj4Y/QIhH4fFilIdzZgwsVQA=
```

This command creates a gateway key for the data factory gateway named ContosoGateway, and then passes the gateway key to the Format-List cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.
For more information, type `Get-Help Format-List`.

## PARAMETERS

### -DataFactory
Specifies a **PSDataFactory** object.
This cmdlet creates a gateway key for the data factory that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: PSDataFactory
Parameter Sets: ByFactoryObject
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DataFactoryName
Specifies the name of a data factory.
This cmdlet creates a gateway key for the data factory that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ByFactoryName
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -GatewayName
Specifies the name of the gateway.
This cmdlet creates a key for the gateway that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of an Azure resource group.
This cmdlet creates a key for a gateway that belongs to the group that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ByFactoryName
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.Utilities.PSDataFactoryGatewayKey

## NOTES
* Keywords: azure, azurerm, arm, resource, management, manager, data, factories

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](./New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)

Commit message:

Introduce gateway auth key feature by adding two new cmdlets: New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey

src/ResourceManager/DataFactories/Commands.DataFactories/help/New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.DataFactories.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 8546C3FE-5396-4027-BF33-F98F6C018A67
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a gateway key for an Azure Data Factory. This cmdlet is deprecated, and you should use **New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey** instead.

## SYNTAX

### ByFactoryName (Default)
```
New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey [-DataFactoryName] <String> [-GatewayName] <String>
 [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByFactoryObject
```
New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey [-DataFactory] <PSDataFactory> [-GatewayName] <String> [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey** cmdlet creates a gateway key for a specified Azure Data Factory gateway.
You register the gateway with a cloud service by using this key. This cmdlet is deprecated, and you should use **New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey** instead.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a gateway key
```
PS C:\>New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayKey -ResourceGroupName "ADF" -GatewayName "ContosoGateway" -DataFactoryName "WikiADF" | Format-List
GatewayKey : ADF#40cbb3d9-2736-4794-a8a6-e6b839b4894f@a2d875ce-c9d7-4b8b-ad65-dd3ebbb9a940@8c0d1801-e863-44af-82e6-fb2f0c00f2ae@xz#Y9R0NhAeH3u7wgnrJyiWj4Y/QIhH4fFilIdzZgwsVQA=
```

This command creates a gateway key for the data factory gateway named ContosoGateway, and then passes the gateway key to the Format-List cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.
For more information, type `Get-Help Format-List`.

## PARAMETERS

### -DataFactory
Specifies a **PSDataFactory** object.
This cmdlet creates a gateway key for the data factory that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: PSDataFactory
Parameter Sets: ByFactoryObject
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DataFactoryName
Specifies the name of a data factory.
This cmdlet creates a gateway key for the data factory that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ByFactoryName
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -GatewayName
Specifies the name of the gateway.
This cmdlet creates a key for the gateway that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of an Azure resource group.
This cmdlet creates a key for a gateway that belongs to the group that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ByFactoryName
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.Utilities.PSDataFactoryGatewayKey

## NOTES
* Keywords: azure, azurerm, arm, resource, management, manager, data, factories

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway](./New-AzureRmDataFactoryGateway.md)
[Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey](./Get-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey.md)
[New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey](./New-AzureRmDataFactoryGatewayAuthKey.md)
